README.rst, before:

==============
The roach case
==============

.. comment
  .. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/roachcase.svg
          :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/roachcase

  .. image:: https://img.shields.io/travis/stefanoberri/roachcase.svg
          :target: https://travis-ci.com/stefanoberri/roachcase

  .. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/roachcase/badge/?version=latest
          :target: https://roachcase.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?version=latest
          :alt: Documentation Status

.. image:: docs/img/roachcase.png
  :width: 400
  :alt: The roach case
  :align: center


Match making algorithm to create balanced teams.


* Free software: GNU General Public License v3
* Documentation: https://roachcase.readthedocs.io.


Features
--------

* TODO

Credits
-------

This package was created with Cookiecutter_ and the `audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage`_ project template.

.. _Cookiecutter: https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter
.. _`audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage`: https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage

Commit message:

Improve documentation
- Add main README.rst for GitHub main page
- Add main page for Sphinx documentation, mostly duplication of the
  README.rst, but fine for now.
- Clean up documentation compared to cookiecutter template

README.rst, after:

==============
The roach case
==============

.. comment
  .. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/roachcase.svg
          :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/roachcase

  .. image:: https://img.shields.io/travis/stefanoberri/roachcase.svg
          :target: https://travis-ci.com/stefanoberri/roachcase

  .. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/roachcase/badge/?version=latest
          :target: https://roachcase.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?version=latest
          :alt: Documentation Status

.. image:: docs/img/roachcase.png
  :width: 400
  :alt: The roach case
  :align: center


A match making algorithm
------------------------

The roach case is a match making algorithm to create balanced teams from players
with different skills. It has two purposes:

* Iteratively score player's skill level based on the outcome of played
  matches.

* Use the player's latest scores to create balanced teams.


Scores are converted into *roaches* each players has in the *roach case*. *Roaches*
are traded after each match, depending on the outcome.

It is inspired by the `ELO scoring system`_ used in chess and other games.

A Python package
----------------

This Python package contains the *business logic* of the match making
algorithm, together with a very simple *command line interface* and simple
persistence layers. Other components can use it and extend it with a different
interface (web, standalone, ...) and more scalable persistence (local or cloud
database). Design is heavily inspired by `Clean Architecture`_ and/or `Onion
Architecture`_.


Credits
-------

Stefano Berri

.. _Elo scoring system: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elo_rating_system
.. _Clean Architecture: https://blog.cleancoder.com/uncle-bob/2012/08/13/the-clean-architecture.html
.. _Onion Architecture: https://jeffreypalermo.com/2008/07/the-onion-architecture-part-1/
